# June 2018 month in review - notes

* [Microsoft bought GitHub](https://news.microsoft.com/2018/06/04/microsoft-to-acquire-github-for-7-5-billion/).

## WWDC

### iOS 12
* Improved performance, especially on older devices.
* Enhancements to Do Not Disturb. Can now set DND based on calendar events, location etc.
* Enhancements to notifications. More granular control. Support for grouped notifications.
* A focus on digital health - how much time you're spending in certain apps. Allows limits to be set.
* Memoji - a custom Animoji character. Can be used for effects inside of the camera app, and during a FaceTime call.
* Siri Shortcuts - developers can add shortcuts (essentially actions) to Siri through custom phrases set by the user.
* Shortcuts app - essentially a replacement for the Workflow app that allows shortcuts to be chained together and performed together. Shortcuts can run without opening each third-party app.
* Siri suggestions learn your habits and suggest actions and shortcuts to you based on previous behaviour, current location, or time of day.

### watchOS 5
* Background app audio.
* New workout types.
* Activity challenges/competitions - challenge your friends.
* Automatic workout stop/start detection.
* Walkie-talkie mode.
* Native podcast app.
* Siri Shortcuts and suggestions.
* watchOS 5 drops support for the Series 0 Apple Watch.

### macOS Mojave
* System-wide dark mode.
* Quick actions in Finder.
* Notarized apps - essentially a service for Apple to validate (and invalidate) certain apps. It's a further attempt to block malware on the Mac.
* New Mac App Store.
* Home, Voice Memos, Stocks, and News apps brought across from iOS to macOS.

### Developer news
* Swift 4.2.
* Swift 5 coming early next year.
* Xcode 10
  * Parallel testing.
  * Custom instruments support.
  * Return of code folding.
  * Multi-cursor editing.
  * Better, more accurate code completion.
  * Visual indication of which lines of code have changed since the last commit to source control.
* iOS apps on the Mac. "Project sneak peek" - a tool to write Mac apps using UIKit. Should make it easier to port iOS apps to the Mac.

### Other
* iTunes Connect is now called [App Store Connect](https://developer.apple.com/news/?id=06042018).
* ARKit 2.0.
* Core ML 2.
* Create ML.
* Group FaceTime calls. Up to 32 participants.
* New pride Apple Watch band.

### Bonus
* [Scooters](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/bird-enjoy-the-ride/id1260842311?mt=8)?
